Nice pants. Can I test the zipper ?
You're like my menorah's candles…getting hotter every day.
I still exist, in case you have forgotten.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me.
I wish you were here to play ‘Simon Say' with me… in bed.
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Hi, I'm doing a survey …What's your name? What's your phone number? Are you free next Saturday?
I love you like philosophy loves being obscure.
Hey! Ya want to try out my new ‘Home Artificial Insemination Kit?'
I love you like an emo boy loves tight pants.
If I told you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
Hi. My name is {name}. I'm running for president in 2012. And I could sure use your vote. Here…write down your number and I'll call you to discuss my platform.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Are you in to Casual Sex or should I dress up?
Do you have a name, or can I just call you mine?
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
Do you use Waze? I need to find the fastest route to your heart.
Go up to a someone at a bar or a dance and ask her: do you want a fuck…
I'd marry your cat just to get in the family.
If you told me that I have a nice body, I might hold it against you.
No one knows who you are, but you're a celebrity in my eyes.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I think you've got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it's just a sparkle. 
How did you survive so long without texting me? I'm a delightful necessity.
I love you like the sun loves the moon.
What did you say your name was? I want to make sure I'm screaming the right name tonight.
The birds and beasts and famish'd men at bay,
If you're feeling down, I can fill you up.
You can't be my first, but you could be my next.
I admit that you're on my mind more than just sometimes.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
Can I see your tan lines?
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Are you a Snitch? Because you're the finest catch here.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Are you Ariel? Because we mermaid for each other.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
Somebody better call God, because he's missing an angel.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas?
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to say Luminos Maxima to turn me on!
The populous and the powerful was a lump,
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken leg? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
I think God took the color from the ocean and put it in your eyes.
Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are clear like the ocean? Because I can see straight into your soul.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you. 
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
My bed is broken. Can I sleep in yours?
I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'! 
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
Are you a nobody? Because nobody's prefect.
You got nice breasts, but what color are your nipples? Brown or Pink?.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Complete this sentence: “You, me, and ____.”
My spiritual gift is my good looks... it lifts peoples spirits
I was wondering if you could tell me: If you're here, who's running Heaven?
Will you allow me to take a photo of you? I just want to prove to my friends that angels do exist.
I don't know what you are doing to me, but every time I look at you I can't stop smiling.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, because I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
Come back to my place so I can give you a lovely parting gift.
If you were a burger at McDonald's you'd be the McGorgeous.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Or softly lightens over her face;
I'm on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
Save water, shower with a friend!
You must be the square root of two. Cause I feel irrational around you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
I love you because you are awesome
You are out of my sight, but in my mind.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
I didn't know what I wanted in a woman until I saw you.
Erections like these don't grow on trees you know.
Pick a number between 1 and 10. You lose now take off your clothes.
I love you like old ladies love blue dye.
I didn't know angels flew this low.
What do you say we play a game of Words With More Than Friends?
Hey baby, are you like Sprite because you make me want to obey my thirst.
Baby, you are everything I never knew I always wanted.
Did the sun just come out, or did you just flash your smile at me?
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say I love you with my last breath!
Please tell me your name so that I can ask Santa Claus that you're the one I want for Christmas.
Stop sending me mixed signals and start sending me sexy memes.
I was going to call you beautiful, but then I realized I don't have your number yet.
I'm bigger and better than the Titantic – only 200 women went down on that vessel!
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain shortages? Well, I don't even own a car.
Your clothes look so uncomfortable. Why don't you let me help you take them off?
I love you like you'll ever know.
Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
I love you like a child loves a teddy-bear.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!
Is your name Pepsi cause' I've gotta have it.
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
Sit on my face and let me get to ‘nose' you better?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
I'd drag my balls through a mile of broken glass, followed by a mile of hot coals, just to chase a laundry truck that MIGHT have your dirty underwear on
I wish I was one of ur tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
Let's go fuck in a brand new limo.
My recipe for love is one cup of you, one cup of me, knead till hard, and serve hot.
I'm the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you're the bomb!
Came tame and tremulous; and vipers crawl'd
I'd like to play on your laptop.
My first name and your last name would sound great together.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
What's a slut like you doing in a classy joint like this?
Were burnt for beacons; cities were consum'd,
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I just want you to know that you're the second sexiest person in this building.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I scraped my knee falling for you.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
100+ Cute and Romantic Pickup Lines
What's a magnificent work of art doing here? Wait, am I in a museum?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Extinguish'd with a crash and all was black.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
Is your name Clause, cause you got Mrs. written all over you.
Do you like cheesy lines or do you just want to do it?
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
I'm either going home with you or behind you, take your pick.
May I pleasure you with my tongue?
Okay, don't move from this spot. I'm gonna go hang mistletoe above your head real quick.
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a shovel? Because I'm digging you.
Don't worry, I don't get emotionally involved. It's just physical.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Do you like Mexican food? Because I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAEritto.
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
want to play midget boxing? You get down on your knees and give me a couple blows!
Maybe you can help me. I forgot the password to my account, and when I hit 'password hint,' it keeps telling me 'Jessica's phone number.'
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I'm not too good at algebra, but doesn't U+I = 69?
They fell and faded and the crackling trunks
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
You're so hot, my zipper is falling for you.
Hey gorgeous ! I've just finished studying the book of numbers. But I noticed I don't have yours.
I'd give you a piece of my mind, but I've got more of something else.
dance? Well…Let me read you the story tonight when I tuck us into bed!
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
I want to be your handbag so I never leave your side.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
Excuse me. I know this is kind of weird and I'm super shy…but I was just wondering…what pick up lines work best with you?
I've got skittles in my mouth, want to taste the rainbow?
Roses are red, violets are black, why is your chest as flat as my back?
The habitations of all things which dwell,
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?
You're so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
A lump of death a chaos of hard clay.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Are you Franklin D. Roosevelt? Because you're a dime.
Are you menstruating? If so, I know how to insert tampons.
And hid their eyes and wept; and some did rest
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you want to know what's on the menu? ME-N-U.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you have rubbers at your house or should I pull out?
Are you a lumberjack? Because you just gave me wood!
When I'm older looking back at all of my finest memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
I'm conducting a survey on the taste of vaginas. want to be my first
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
Let's play a game. If you want to go on a date with me, smile! If not, then do a hundred back flips.
Life without you is like a broken pencil...pointless.
I love you like I love food.
I love you like the unforgettable first kiss.
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Are you an elevator? Because I'll go up and down on you.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I'm gonna guess size sexy!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You are almost as hot as my mom.
I'm in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
I love you like a hammer loves a nail.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
If I were a cat I'd spend all nine lives with you.
If you were floor boards I would take out all the nails and screw you.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
My lips are like skittles. want to taste the rainbow?
What's your name and number so I can add you to my prayer list?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I'm against animal cruelty, so don't hurt my monkey, please stroke it gently want to take a shower with me to conserve water? When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising... Will you help me find my puppy, I think he went into that Eco-friendly Hotel across the street Cars Pollute, so can I pick you up on my electric scooter Your so hot you must've started all of globle warming Turning off your Engine, gets my motor humming Are all your appliances energy efficient? Because when I saw you the room became more environmentally friendly! Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love! Is your name Methane or Carbon Dioxide? Cause you're making my world hot as hell! I don't drive a car, but I'd love to walk you home! Turning off the Lights, is one of my Turn On's What time do you get off work? Let's carpool it back to my place I love T&A, Trees and Air Quality You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you. Your ass must be a maple tree, cause I'd tap that. Hey babe, Are you a tree hugger? because You're about to get some wood. I bet nature stops and looks in awe at you. Are you an animal activist? Because you can keep a chicken from being choked by coming home with me. If I had a SolarCoin for everytime I thought of you, I'd be the riches man alive. Oh sorry to brush up against you with my Hemp shirt, or am I? Fair Trade Coffee, Organic Tea or Me Save water. Shower in my cum... If I wrote you a protest song, would you sing it with me? Your legs must be tired, from passing out flyers for Green Peace, sit on my lap! I just got dumped, would you recycle me into your boyfriend I bet your Dad is an Environmentalist, because you are so eco-friendly You eyes are as bright as energy saving halogen light bulbs, would you light up my life? You blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!
I love you like a cat loves a mouse.
You look great right now. Do you know what else would look great on you? Me!
I just realized that you never text first. Do you hate me or are you just playing hard to get?
Drake would call you and me God's Plan.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Girls are sexy, guys are fine I'll be your six if you'll be my nine!
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
I hope to God you can't sing because I just want to fuck you.
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
I'm leaving this place … want to cum?
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest.
Which is easier? You gettinggg into those tight pants or gettinggg you out of them?
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
I just got out of the shower. Do want to come over and help me get dirty again?
You look a lot like my next soul mate.
If I was the judge, I'd sentence you to life by my side.
want to play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
Hello, this is me making the first move. Your turn.
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that…your numbers not in it.
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
You dropped something…my jaw!
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I'm feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
Did you make Santa's naughty list this year? You want to?
What time do you have to be back in heaven? 
I love you like you say you love me times a million more, and just so you know I love you MORE square root that by infinity.
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
I lost my keys… Can I check your pants?
I started reading/watching an interesting book/show last week, and I'd love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.
I think I must be dying because I'm looking at Heaven.
Your One-Time PIN is 143. For your protection, do not share this code with anyone. Enter this code to confirm your love for me.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Did wander darkling in the eternal space,
I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Are you a supermarket sample? Because I want to taste you again and again without any sense of shame.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. 
Excuse me, do I need to buy a ticket for your fantastic voyage?
The winds were wither'd in the stagnant air,
Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!
What are you doing tonight beside me?
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
Want to spin my dreidels?
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
I love you like Santa loves cookies and milk.
Excuse me… You have something on your ass. My eyes. ;-)
Excuse me,
Sorry, the position for Spanish teacher has been filled. What I'm looking for at the moment is a bedroom acrobatic teacher.
Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other!
My doctor told me I have a Vitamin D deficiency. Want to go back to my place and save me?
I'm an army recruiter. Why don't you come over to my place and be all you can be.
Sorry, I can't hold on… I've already fallen for you.
Roses are red. Violets are fine. You be the 6. I'll be the 9.
Clothes look heavy on ya, want me to relieve some?
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
I've got a big one, you want to see how hard it works?
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
I love you like the Raven loves the word nevermore.
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word edible.
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are your knees dirty? I don't want to get my floor dirty.
Of an enormous city did survive,
I want to put my thingy into your thingy.
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
I have a 13 inch dick. Remember that, there will be an oral exam later.
I know you're busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
I'd say “God bless you” but it looks like He already did.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Because mine was just stolen.
I could drink a case of you and I'd still be on my feet.
I'm not staring, I'm just stuck in a loop.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d' cause you'll get that later!
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
My dad was Fred Astaire, and my mom was Ginger Rogers. Would you like to dance?
Kanye feel the love tonight?
I wanted to ask you out, but I figured that I'd start by sending you a text message.
Are you a beaver? Cause damn!
I'm usually not very prophetic, but I can see us together.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
What does it feel like to be the most gorgeous girl in the room?
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If you were a flower you'd be a daaaaaamnnn-delion.
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I love you like my Xbox.
Take a screw with you and put it in your pocket. Then, when a girl comes up to you, offer her the screw and say, want to screw?
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.
Was your dad a farmer? Cause you sure have great melons.
My driver's license says that I am not an organ donor, but for you I will donate my heart.
Do you have an extra heart? You stole mine.
They say Tinder is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Hi, I am your slave, take me home and mistreat me.
I'm not usually religious, but when I saw you, I knew you were the answer to my prayers.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Damn, I thought Very-Fine only came in a bottle!
I have a favor to ask you. Can you touch me so that I can tell my friends that I was touched by an angel?
I love you like time loves a paradox.
Winterfell, but I'll keep you up all night. The real Kingslayer is in my pants. Did You Know, my penis is made of Valyrian steel. Girl, if you looked anymore like Emilia Clarke, I would be dragon my balls across your face. Let's get Stark naked! I'm Dothraki, I only know how to do it one way. If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you. I may be an Imp, but I never go limp. I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you. Winter isn't the only thing thats coming. I heard you like Magic, well bend over and watch my dick disappear. Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! Let's do it on the wall. You look like my sister. I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be the Queen of your loins. Is your name Winter, because you'll be coming soon. You must be a White Walker, cause I want you to have my babies. Are you wildfire, cause I want to stop drop and roll with you? Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in my banner and fuck you for glory. They call me the King of the North, but I'd go south for you. Can my Direwolf watch? I want you to stick me with the pointy end. Who needs Milk of the poppy, when I can have you? I'm Iron born, I take what's mine. You smell like trash from Flea Bottom, can I take you out? I'll show you my Kama Sutra if you show me your Meereenese Knot. Beauty is only skin deep; Hodor's cock goes much deeper. My friends call me the Dancing Teacher, so let me dance you into the bedroom. Moon of My Life My Sun and Stars
A mind at peace with all below,
Hey, baby, want to lock crotches and swap gravy?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Wow! Are those real?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Let me tie your shoes, I don't want you falling for anyone else.
I'd really like to see how you look when I'm naked.
What'll you say we make like Winnie-the-poo and I can get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
Are your legs tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day long.
Yeah, it's big and if you pet it, it spits
Didn't You Wear That Yesterday?
You've got the best smile on tinder. I bet you use Crest.
Are those space pants? Because your ass is out of this world!
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Hey baby, what do you say we go behind that rock and get a little boulder?
You should be someone's wife.
I'll make you shiver when I deliver.
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
If you weren
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the room instantly became beautiful.
The fact that I'm missing my teeth just means that there's more room for your tongue.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Help! My leg just broke after I fell for you.
Let us only latex stand between our love.
You must be a magician because every time I look at you everyone else disappears. 
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I know milk does a body good; you must be drinking your fair share.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find ‘The One', all I have time to say is good bye.
I'm not currently an organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Can I please be your slave tonight?
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
Do you ever get tired from running through my thoughts all night?
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
I'm going to make you my boyfriend for the next five minutes. Let's see how you like it.
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don't want to have sex after that, we won't.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Did you fall from the sky? Because you're an angel.
You're like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.
Let's play hockey. Ill be the net, and you can score.
I love you like jessie loves woody.
Like Motel 6, I'll leave the light on for you.
How was heaven when you left it?
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
Tell me the truth. How long have you been waiting for a text message from me?
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Call me Q because I need U next to me at all times.
I love you like a hippie loves his long hair.
Of this their desolation; and all hearts
Is this the Hogwarts Express? Because it feels like you and I are headed somewhere magical.
Are you from Iraq? ‘Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Fuck me if i'm wrong but isn't your name Gretchen?.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. My jaw!
You know what would look great on you? Me.
Fuck me, I'm beautiful enough to be with you all night.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you're da bomb.
Aside from being extremely sexy, what else do you do for a living?
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Knock Knock Who's there? Pauline! Pauline Who? I think I'm Pauline in love with you. Knock Knock. Who's there? Butch, Jimmy and Joe. Butch, Jimmy, and Joe Who? Butch your arms around me, Jimmy a kiss, and let's Joe. Knock Knock Who's there ! Honeydew! Honeydew who? Honeydew you know how fine you look right now? Knock Knock Who's there? I love you! I love you who? Don't ask who, because it's you. Knock Knock Who's there? Juno! Juno who? Juno I love you right? Knock Knock Who's there? Honey bee! Honey bee who? Honey bee a doll and give me dem digits. Knock Knock Who's there? Aldo! Aldo who? Aldo anything for you! Knock Knock Who's there? Cynthia! Cynthia who? Cynthia you been away, I missed you. Knock Knock Who's there? De Niro! De Niro who? De Niro I am to you, the more beautiful you get. Knock Knock Who's there? Egg! Egg who? Eggcited to meet you. Knock Knock Who's there? Orange! Orange who? Orange you stunning. Knock Knock Who's there? Israel! Israel who? Do you want to little Jewish in you, cause this dick Israel. Knock Knock Who's there? Anime! Anime who? Are you from Japan? Cause you got anime-zing body. Knock Knock Who's there? Baghdad! Baghdad who? Are you from Iraq? Cos I'd love to see you Baghdad ass up Knock Knock Who's there? Dubai! Dubai who? I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink? Knock Knock Who's there? Candice! Candice Who? Candice be love I'm feeling right now? Knock Knock Who's there? Al! Al who? Al give you a kiss if you open this door! Knock Knock Who's there? India! India who? What's it gonna take to get India pants. Knock Knock Who's there? Juan! Juan who? The girl of your dreams, and your the Juan for me. Knock knock Who's there Bangkok! Bangkok who? Are you from the Thailand, cause tonight your going to BangKok. Knock knock Who's there I love! I love who? Awwww I love you to. Knock knock Who's there Love! Love who? Love this dick. Knock knock Who's there Needle! Needle who? Needle a little love right now.
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
do you like pancakes? well how about IHOP on that ass.
Hey, do you have an inhaler? ‘Cause I heard you got that ass ma!
I wanted to ask if I messaged you already before, but I know I would remember someone as articulate as you.
I love you like a toothbrush loves toothpaste.
I can play the 1812 Overture on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
If I could never see the sun again I would be OK with that, because I can always look into your eyes and see all the brightness that I need.
My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name. What are your plans for tonight? Feel like a bible study? What's a nice girl like you doing at a First Saturday Rosary Cenacle like this? Nice bible. I would like to pray with you. You know they say that you have never really dated, until you have dated a christian. You want to come over and watch the 10 commandments tonight? Do you believe in Divine appointment? Are you religious? Good, because I'm here to answer your prayers. Damn girl, I know your going to hell because its got to be a sin to look that good Do you have a name, or do angels just have pretty faces? Let's do some things you'll need to tell your priest about tomorrow. You know how god created everyone you must have his best creation Is it a sin that you stole my heart? Sorry, but I couldn't help but noticing how cute you look in that ankle-length, shapeless, plaid jumper. Hi there. My buddy and I were wondering if you would settle a dispute we're having. Do you think the word should be pronounced HOMEschooling, or homeSCHOOLing? Confess here often?
I've got the ship, you've got the harbor…what say we tie up for the night?
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile… I like every bone in your body… Especially mine!
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
Want to play War of 1812? I'll light your White House on fire... There's a reason they say I started the Era of Good Feelings... Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore....my face should be among them. Do you want to help me with my project on the tit- I'm sorry, TET Offensive? I'll be your Secretary of the Interior... I bet if Jefferson had met you, he would have vetoed the Non-Intercourse Act. Want to go back to my place and discuss Big Stick Diplomacy? Are you from Medieval Times?, cause you Sir Gagsalot Did you invent the airplane?, cause you seem Wright to me. Call me Paul Revere, because I would like to give you a midnight ride. If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln. Are you a tower? Cos Eiffel for you. They don't call me a Rough Rider for nothing. I'm no Thomas Paine, but you and I are Common Sense. Are you an early hominid? Because I've got a Homo Erectus right now. Want to reenact the Battle of the Bulge? I have sex like I fight a war; I got no exit strategies. Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods. Don't worry if you're only wearing stripes because I'll make you see stars tonight. Let's role play..I'll be Osama you be the cave..now let me hide in you. Hi, I'm babe Lincoln, and I'm about to give you the Gettysburg undress. The Great Pyramid, the Sahara, the Nile, me...get the picture? You must be the eighth wonder of the world! If I could change the alphabet, I would put 'V' and 'I' together. Your palace looks like it could use a sturdy column.
Send me your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
It's never easy meeting a complete stranger—especially one as beautiful as you—without being properly introduced. But can we try anyway?
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I'm not sure what it is yet, but something about you seems really interesting.
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Hey… Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
I love you like a drug addict loves heroine.
I'm going outside to make out… care to join me?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea. 
Are you lost, ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Do you have room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
If I'm a pain in your ass… We can just add more lubricants.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're mm mm good!
Girl, you're like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Hi, my name is Milk. I'll do your body good.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let's just f**k.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Are you lost? Because heaven's a long way from here.
I'm like a power plant. It's hard to turn me down and I can turn you on
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you're a masterpiece.
Are we related? Do you want to be?
Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.
Do you want to commit a sin for your next confessional?
I love you like a lawyer loves money.
Hey, I'm new in town.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...
Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
What is long and hard, and right behind you?
Hey, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Since you texted me first, I assume that you like me. I like you too!
Are you free tonight or am I gonna have to pay?
If it's true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
Does this mean I won't be a virgin by the end of the week?
Can you give me a tour of your body?
If your upper lip is Christmas and your lower lip is Thanksgiving, can I come visit any time in between?
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
I'm easy. Are you?
Hi, my name is Pogo, want to jump on my stick?
I should call you Google because you have everything I'm searching for.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
It
You are the reason men fall in love.
Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.
Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but… I'm Batman!
Do you want to lick my tongue?
My doctor says I could use more Vitamin U.
Let's play Barbie. I'll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
Hey babe, want to sample my DNA?
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
Do you know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie-pop?
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Is your father a mechanic? Because you've got a finely tuned body!
I want to get all hot and sweaty and listen to you breathe hard… so, you want to go running?
Are you form Tennessee? Cause you're the only ten I see!
That's a nice smile. It'd look better if it was all you were wearing!
Has anyone told you today that you look beautiful? Well, let me be the first.
I love you like the plague loves rats.
There must be something wrong with my eyes—I can't seem to take them off of you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion.
My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
Netflix and chill?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I was actually going to wait for a day or two before texting you, but I can't wait that long.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
You are so selfish. You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Meet in her aspect and her eyes;
Going to Whole Foods, want me to pick you up anything?
Excuse me, but I have the mother load and was wondering if you had a place
Something's wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
If I was a dog, would you help me bury my bone?
Here's hoping that you find my willingness to text first attractive.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .
What is a nice person like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going… I just need eye contact from you.
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
My parents told me not to talk to strangers. So, how about we be friends?
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the constantly grown technology can discover.
You see my friend over there? They want to know if you think I'm cute.
I've lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you instead?
Hey, stop thinking about me. See, you're doing it right now.
Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest
You must be exhausted running in my mind all day long.
The rivers, lakes and ocean all stood still,
I love you like “Harry Potter,” and that should have been impossible.
Nice shoes, want to fuck?
You know what you would look really beautiful in? My arms.
May I flirt with you?
Nice legs, lets eat out.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kicking.
Show me your pussy!
You on twitter? Get at me? Be my date and I'll #FollowFriday you every day of the week. I'm twitterpated with you. I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are. If Twitter is a meat market, you must be the prime rib. You must be twitter because I been followin you all day You're so hot, you must have more followers than @aplusk Your twitters make my heart flitter. Roses are red. Violets are blue. If you're seeing this tweet, I <3 you. Tweet your mother 'thank you' for giving birth to something as gorgeous as you. Do you believe in love at first tweet? Or should I tweet you again? Fancy tweeting someone like you in a place like this. Let's direct message_all_night_long_ #kiss #sex Tweet here often? Was that an earthquake or did u just tweet my world? I may not be a genie but I can make your tweets come true. Who cares about celebrities? You're the only star in my twitterverse. I usually don't follow the first night but for you I'll make an exception. Do you know why the Twitter bird is blue? Cause it's so far away from you. I wouldn't trade your follow for all of Gary Vaynerchuk's. I could read your random thoughts all night long. want to go back to my house and #? Oh can't you see, how your tweets please me. Every breath you take, every tweet you make, I'll be following you.
I love you more then I love Netflix! And that's a lot.
A heart whose love is innocent!
I must be lost. I thought paradise wasn't on earth.
I love baseball so take me home baby!
I only have 12 hours to live… please don't let me die a virgin.
Your body is amazing with curves in all the right places, but your smile is the curve that I appreciate the most.
I'm not Fred Flintstone but I can definitely make your bed rock!
Whenever I count my blessings, I count you multiple times.
Hey pretty, do you want to date me ? Yes=Smile. No=Backflip
On The Phone
Let's play carpenter! First we'll get hammered, then I'll nail you. 
Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist?
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
You MUST have a nice personality.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
Should I walk by again or did you already realize I'm your soulmate?
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I'm kinda having NSFW thoughts about you right now.
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you're killing me!
Don't say you love me if you don't mean it. Because I might do something stupid like believe it.
I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.
I love you like an alcoholic loves beer.
I love you like you can possibly imagine.
I love you like there are words in books.
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that drink.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk before you again?
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're mmmm... good!
I love you like Winnie the Pooh loves honey.
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Hey Baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
Dinner first? No? Hey, if we're gonna have sex I gotta eat!
I love you more then all the answers on the Internet!
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. 
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors..don't be alarmed, babyqirl..you're just in my heart.
Had half impaired the nameless grace
I don't know what love potion you made me drink, but every time I think of you, I can't stop smiling.
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I love you like a duck loves water.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you're advertising, I'm buying!
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
You must be a hell of a thief, because you managed to steal my heart from across the room.
Got a soggy bun for a lonely weenie?
Died, and their bones were tombless as their flesh;
Are you a magnet? Because I'm attracted to you…
Do you live in a museum? Because you truly are a work of art.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
I love you like iphone and ipad combined, which I cannot live without.
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
You see, I really suck at starting conversations. Do you want to try?
I haven't seen you in forever. Have you been visiting your fellow angels in heaven?
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
OMG. I was going to wear this exact same outfit tonight.
Baby did you fart, because you blow me away!
Are you a magician? It's the strangest thing, but every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
I love you like anything you could ever say or imagine and every breath I take is for you
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I was gonna say something really sweet about you but when I saw you I was speechless. 
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don't you?
Which heaven to gaudy day denies.
Hey girl, feel my sweater. Know what that's made of ? Boyfriend material.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
You've got everything I've been searching for, and believe me—I've been looking a long time.
Unfortunately I cant perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
I love you, I want to marry you. Now fuck my brains out.
Let's make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and I end up with you.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
I lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me?
Are you parents bakers? Because you are a cutie pie.
I love you like Charlie loves Wonka bars.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
I would part the red sea for you.
To know me is to love me. Are you ready to get to know me?
Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let's go to my room and put our pieces together.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Inheriting 10 million dollars doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd still only have five cents.
I love you like an Italian loves pasta.
I'm a used car but you can still drive me!
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i'll drop a kid inside of you!
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open, and I'll give you the meat!
I love you like quotes
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
You auto-complete me.
It's a good thing I have my library card because I am totally checking you out.
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them.
Happy were those who dwelt within the eye
I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Perhaps you recognize me from one of the popular adult movies I was in.
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the forever growing universe can discover.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If I were a cat, I'd spend all nine of my lives with you.
My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
If I said you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
The only problem with your lips is that they're too far away from mine.
I enjoy doing maintenance, you look like someone I would like to tinker around with.
I love you like I did yesterday, but I not as much as tomorrow but always forever.
Which waves in every raven tress,
I love you like a cat loves chasing its tail.
Don't walk into that building   the sprinklers might go off!
If you want me, don't shake me, or wake me, just take me.
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I got a 14 inch cock, why don't you come home with me and I'll let you ride
I love you like the sand loves the sea.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I gotta warn ya, every man I've ever gone out with has been ruined.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory.
I love you like cookies, and believe me I love cookies!
You with all those curves! And me with no brakes!
I usually go for 8's but I guess I'll settle for a 10.
I think I love you but I can't be sure until I kiss you…
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Can you tell me home address? I just would like to know where I'm going to live in the future.
I love you like my next breath
Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you?
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
The feeble ashes, and their feeble breath
That shirt looks great on you… as a matter of fact, so would I.
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
I just had to tell you, your beauty made me truly appreciate being able to see.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Is your name swiffer? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
For you I would slay two Goliaths.
Hi, I
What color is your shit?
Have you ever heard of the naked pretzel? Ok, sit on my magical lap and we'll see what rises.
Seasonless, herbless, treeless, manless, lifeless
Let's commit the perfect crime. You steal my heart, and I steal yours.
If you were even half as gorgeous as me, I'd consider sleeping with you.
You don't sweat much for a fat chick.
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I like your butt, can I wear it as a hat?
Are you craving Pizza? Because I'd love to get a pizz-a you.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?
I love you like a teacher loves their kids.
I just got a new phone, and right now, I'm not sure how it works. Can I call you to test it?
I love you like a cop loves thieves.
Are you a 90 degree angle ? Cause you are looking right!
There's only one thing I would change about you. Your last name. 
I wish I were cross-eyed so I could see you twice.
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa want for Christmas?
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
Do you have a map? I'm gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Excuse me, are you ready to go home yet?
And men were gather'd round their blazing homes
I love you like the cold loves a sneeze.
Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I love you like my cat, and no one has replaced her so far.
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
You had me at Hello World.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because you're causing a political uprising in my pants
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
I love you like a pitcher of water at a chili pepper eating contest.
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
What does it feel like to be the cutest girl in the room?
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
And others hurried to and fro, and fed
My friends bet me I couldn't talk to the prettiest girl in the bar. Want to use their money to buy some drinks?
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
You are like a magnet and I am like a piece of metal, I am drawn and attracted to you.
I just saw your new profile picture. Looking hotter than ever, I see.
How is it that I know so many digits of Pi, yet I know 0 digits of your phone number?
I love you like a dog loves biting a piece of bone.
Guy pulls out a quarterif I flip this coin what are the chances of me gettinggg head?
Hey baby, let's go make some babies.
You know, your smile has been lighting up the room all night and I just had to come and say hello.
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
If you want to make a move on me, now is the perfect time. Go for it!
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help….
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
What's your sign?
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
Each other's aspects saw, and shriek'd, and died
I love you like a blonde loves her hair-dye.
If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out? Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself. What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this? Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places. I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots. And... Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you? Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight! I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number. Pardon me. I hate to interrupt, but you've captured my eye. Could I have it back? It's the only one I've got, to fall in love with you at first sight. Hey, Baby, did you know they call me PumpkinHead? I may look like a slutty cheerleader, but under this dress...I'm all man, baby! I've got a rubber mask and you've got the candy- let's go trick or treating. Ooh, you look boo-tilicious! Call me a pirate and give me that booty Hey, my parents are out of town. That means we have the haunted mansion all to ourselves. I want to bob for yo' apples. Girl, you make my crotch rise from the dead. Baby, I'm a necrophiliac. How good are you at playing dead? That pirate outfit looks really hot on you. want to search me for buried treasure? Why don't we go somewhere where you can stick a candle in my jack-o-lantern?
Hey. My friends wanted me to come over here and ask you if they were fake. Can I sqeeze them to find out?
Are those pants on sale? Because they're 100% off at my place!
Know what's on the menu? Me 'n' u.
I'm asian so I'll eat your cat
If your heart was a prison, I would want to be sentenced to life. 
Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest.
Are you a keyboard? Because you are my type.
God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one. 
Excuse me, I've seem to have lost my virginity, can I have yours?
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
You're so hot, I had to put on sun block just to come over here and talk to you.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
Can you believe that just a few hours ago we'd never even been to bed together?
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
If women were trophies, you'd be first place!
Do you know what would look good as an extension to your name? My surname!
Can you recommend a bank where I can make a deposit? Because I'm planning to save all my love for you.
You're so cute that you made me forget my pick up line.
Are you busy tonight at 3:00 A.M.?
Unknowing who he was upon whose brow
I love you more today than I did yesterday, but not as much as tomorrow and many days to come.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my back? A little kid with wings just shot me.
You never fail at making me smile and horny. But, oh well, that's not the point.
I'd like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a feed bag.
I'm no electrician, but I can light up your day.
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
So soft, so calm, yet eloquent,
I saw you from across the room shivering from the cold, I came over to offer my big strong arms to hold you and keep you warm.
I like you, so do you like me? Yes or yes?
That's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
Since we've been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
Wore an unearthly aspect, as by fits
Do you have a library card? Because I am checking you out.
How would you like to have a sexual encounter so intense it could conceivably change your political views?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Hey, do you mind if we take a picture together? I just want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like.
My bologna has a first name…
Hey… somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
Let's flip a coin. Head's your mine, tail's I'm yours.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Hi, I've been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and think it's time to see if I'm right.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you. 
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
And all that's best of dark and bright
Do you have a personality as attractive as your eyes?
WAIT, don't drink that. Don't you know that makes your chest grow to twice its normal size? Oh, I'm sorry. I guess it's too late.
Can you please pinch my cheeks? I'd like to make sure that this is not a dream, and the girl of my dreams is actually here in front of me.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
You know, I always thought that Disneyland was the ‘happiest place on Earth,' but that was before I got a chance to stand here next to you.
Aside from being beautiful, what do you do for a living?
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I'm coming home with you.
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
You already know how much I really like you. So, what are you going to do about it?
I want to use your thighs as earmuffs.
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
You must be Jelly, cause jam don't shake like that.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
I have a job for you, but it blows!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Hi, I was just wondering? Do you wipe front-to-back or back-to-front?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Is your dad retarded? Because you're special
I hope you know that I am 100% committed to this tinder relationship
I am writing a new algorithm, and I need some test data. What are your measurements?
Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
I love you like all the rain drops that fall in a summer thunder storm.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
Are you anorexic? Oh, OK, then I'll understand if you spit.
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you're never going to forget.
I'm sorry were you talking to me? No? Well you should be.
Hey baby, what's your sign? Caution, slippery when wet, dangerous curves ahead, or yield?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Since the first time I saw you dive into the swimming pool, I knew I had to dive into your heart.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
My phone is broken. It's missing your number.
Are you a magician? When I look at you everything disappears.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
If I jumped on your back, would you beat me off?
I love you like Russel Crowe loves throwing phones at people.
I love you like older people love tapioca.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
Damn girl, your legs go all the way up and make and ass of themselves!
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but don't you want to kiss me?
Can I stir your drink? Mind if I use my dick?
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
Baby, you're like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
I'm not feeling myself today. Can I feel you instead?
If you were a fruit, you'd be a ‘fine-apple.'
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I know its absurd, but every time I walk towards you, it feels like I'm being lead to Bethlehem.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If we were around with Noah... then you, me... pair.
I may not go down in history, but I will go down on you.
There is nothing sweeter than the beauty of your face.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you've been attracting me all night.
I love you like burritos, tacos, and nachos.
Are you the SAT? Cause I'd do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes, with a ten minute break in the middle for snacks.
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
We'll probably never see each other again, so let's screw.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
And they did live by watchfires and the thrones,
Are you an alien? Because you're out of this world!
The Sorting Hat saw my destiny, and it said I'm meant to be in your house.
Can I have your car keys because you're driving me crazy.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
If you say no, I will rip out my hair and my beard.
First I played hard to get, now he is playing hard to forget.
You're not a vegetarian, are you? Because I'd love to meat you.
If you were the new burger at McDonalds you would be the McGorgeous!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
I want to take out your pencil and stick it in my pencil case.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I can't hold it in!
I love you like my iPhone, and I wish I can hold you in my hands, every minute of the day.
You look like you know how to have a good time. Been on any adventures lately?
The pall of a past world; and then again
All earth was but one thought and that was death
Can you believe it? It's been more than fifteen minutes since I've had sex.
I would leave 99 sheep to come and find you... and then I would carry you home joyfully on my shoulder
Are you made of grapes? Cause you're fine as wine.
I cum in 5 seconds, you won't even know I was there.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes.
You just won the jackpot! You placed first in my heart. Text me back for the details.
Those jeans would look great on my bedroom floor!
I'm sending you hugs and kisses.
Baby you're a sex crime waiting to happen.
I'm learning about important dates in history class. want to be one of them?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
Girl, if you were a porch I'd take out all the nails and screw ya.
Heaven must be missing an angel since you're here with me.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Want to go halves on a baby?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away.
I'll marry you tomorrow, but let's honeymoon tonight.
I'm going to the optometrist to get my eyes checked. For some reason, I can't take them off of you.
Hey baby, I'd like to herd by cattle in your fertile valley.
I've been slightly depressed ever since my vasectomy.
Honey, you give new meaning to the defintion of 'edible'. 
Baby, Ive got and eight inch tounge and I can breathe through my ears.
Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked.
Are you undressing me with your eyes?!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
And shivering scrap'd with their cold skeleton hands
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
The only thing I want to change about you is your last name.
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
I love you like a nerd loves homework.
I love you like a sailor loves swearing.
You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they'd be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls.
I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
Did you just fall in love with me after receiving this text message?
Hey babe- pretend my pants is France and invade them.
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry'... how about dinner?
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
Whenever I see you, I feel like a dog always giddy to greet you at the door.
If you were a Transformer… you'd be Optimus Fine.
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Gorging himself in gloom: no love was left;
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
When I look at you, everything else falls into a blur. I want my vision to be clear and focused so I will continue to look at you, which is the one thing that keeps my eyesight perfect.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Nice tits, mind if I feel them?
I think the only way you could possibly be more beautiful is if I got to know you.
You make me wanna clean up my room.
Is that a mirror in your pants because I can see myself in them.
I'm horribly lost. Can you give me the directions to your heart?
I just want you to know that I don't believe in pick-up lines. So, let's just skip all that and proceed to hooking up.
Lets play Titanic. When I say Iceburg! you do down.
I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
Is it cold in here, or are you just happy to see me.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
You dropped something. My jaw.
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
If you were word on a page you'd be fine print. 
Are you from Ireland? ‘because my dick's-a-Dublin!
And their masts fell down piecemeal: as they dropp'd
Thus mellowed to that tender light
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Tonight this Han doesn't want to fly Solo.
Baby, every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
The crowd was famish'd by degrees; but two
If you were a pill, I'd overdose!
Will you marry me for just one night?
In the words of the great Lizzo, I just took a DNA test, turns out I'm 100% your bae.
You know what would be even better than a text back? An invitation to dinner!
Need me to unzip your files?
If you want to marry me right now, text YES. If you want to marry me next time, text NO.
With curses cast them down upon the dust,
God was showing off when he made you
Are you a hurricane? Because you're blowing me away. 
Has anyone ever told you how beautiful my eyes are?
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears. 
Can you help me find my puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
I hope you like coffee…because I always have Folgers in my Cup
There must be something wrong with my eyes…I can't take them off you.
My face is leaving in fifteen minutes. Be on it.
I feel like Richard Gere, I'm standing next to you, the Pretty Woman.
Can you tell me what time you'll come back to my place, please?
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought that was a Braille name tag.
I have a magic wand that is aching to show you a trick.
Before I hit on you, do you have a problem with large genitalia?
Your body is made up of 70% water. . .and I'm thirsty.
If you were a fruit, you'd be a ‘fine-apple'.
As you walk by, turn around and say: Excuse me, did you just touch my ass? No. Damn!
Hi, I'm gay. Do you think you can convert me?
I was just trying to buy a drink here, but you're very distracting.
Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Baby I'm like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Do you have an eraser? Because I can't get you out of my mind.
This time next year let's be laughing together.
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Have you seen my enormous jar of Penis Reducing Cream?
How YOU doin
I'm not trying to pressure you. I don't want to have sex without mutual consent; oh and by the way, you have my consent.
Do you miss me yet?
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you.
I hate to see you go but I love to watch you walk away.
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you a keyboard? Because you sure are my type. 
Excuse me, is it true that you're a sexual tyrannosaurus?
I love you like distance everybody loves raymond
You must be the cause of global warming because your hot!
Wouldn't we look good on a wedding cake together?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Do you ever just lie down at night, look up at the stars and think about all the messed up things in the world? Like why is there a 'D' in 'fridge' but no 'D' in 'refrigerator'?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
I love you like bulimics love toilets.
Hey, sexy.
Is it hard being that cute?
I was wondering if you're an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me.
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Suppose you get down off your motorcycle and give me a ticket.
Did you get those pants for 50% off? They're 100% off at my place.
Let's plant a garden to put our tulips together!
Is your name Campbell? Because you're mmm mmm good.
Believe it or not, gettingg' laid is still hard when you're this good-looking.
How much will $20 get me?
Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless.
That shirt's very becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
They say that kissing is a language of love, so would you mind starting a conversation with me?
Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let's begin.
You must be a very important passage in a textbook, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
Are you Cinderella? Cause' I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Do you have a map? I keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a fine-apple!
I love you like the godfather loves his accent.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
I've heard it said that kissing is the ‘language of love.' Would you care to have a conversation with me about it sometime?
I got Hanukkah gelt in my pockets, want to go get them?
Can you do telekinesis? Because you've made a part of me move without even touching it.
Your mom will love me.
I'm here. Now we can start working on your other two wishes.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Hey baby…can you suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose?
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down.
Sorry I can't talk 2 u any more, the doctor told me i'm diabetic and I cant stand sweet things like u
Baby, I'm an American Express lover…you shouldn't go home without me.
My magical watch says you aren't wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I'm digging that ass!
The smile on your face is radiant, the glow on your cheeks is beautiful, and my lips on your lips would be magical.
Hey baby, I'll fuck you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
I love you like the government loves taxing its citizens.
That dress looks great on you
Do you have a BandAid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
You don't know how many times I've had to swipe left to find you.
I just made a bet with my brother/sister. He/She said that you're taken already. I told him/her that you're mine for the taking. So, who won the bet?
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going….
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
I've got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
Gimme some sugar, baby.
It says in the Bible to only think about what's pure and lovely… So I've been thinking about you all day long.
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
I lost my teddy bear can I sleep with you tonight?
I know you're busy, but can you add one more thing on your to-do list? Me.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass!
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
Can I borrow your phone? I need to call animal control because I just saw a fox.
Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert?
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I'm gonna destroy that pussy.
Even dogs assail'd their masters, all save one,
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really want to Make You Mine.
If you were a Transformer, you'd be ‘Optimus Fine.'
Do you have a map? Cos Honey, I just keep gettingg lost in your eyes. 
Hey babe, want to get LUCKY!?!?!!
You are making the other women here look bad.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives... Because he never met you.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot? Roses are red, bananas are yellow, want to go out with a nice little fellow? I'm single and desolate. Can you help me? I'm lactose intolerant so please keep your cheesy pick up lines away from me. If I get hooked on you, will you hook up with me? Is your name Summer? It has to be, because you're hot! That dress would look great on my bedroom floor! Take me to Papa John's, because this is love at 425 degrees. Do you like short love affairs? I hate them - I've got all weekend. Don't you work at Hooters? I tried to send you something sexy last night but the mail man told me to get out of the mailbox You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy. Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I? Theres a party in my pants and your invited. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. You're so beautiful; your birthday should be a national holiday. I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours. Are those space pants? Cause your ass is out of this world. Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick! Turn to the girl sitting next to you at the bar and say, I'm not really this tall....I'm sitting on my wallet. Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again? Are you from tenessee? Cause your the only ten I see Your name must be Lucky Charms because you're magically delicious! I've only got three months to live. Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS! What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? MY ZIPPER! Aye girl, are you a Sharpie? Cause you are Ultra Fine I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment? If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me? Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position You look like Pamela Anderson's sister. Are you looking for a shallow relationship? Are you a model? Do you know karate cause your body is kickin If we're going to have sex later, you probably should be there. I want you almost as much as I want world peace.
There isn't a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
Immediate and inglorious; and the pang
Hey so you want to see some magic? You and I will go to your place have sex and I'll disappear in the morning.
I'm having trouble sleeping by myself, can you sleep with me?
Are you a raisin? Cause you're raising my hopes for a kiss right about now.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause obviously you landed on your face
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
I'm no fred flintstone but i'll make ur bedrock
It sure is hot and stuffy in here. Would you like to take a cold shower?
I love you like the thrills I get from roller coaster ride, skiing down an icy slope, and bungee jumping.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
She walks in beauty, like the night
YOU. NUMBER. NOW.
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
I envy your footwear. I want to be like them so I can be with you every step of the way.
Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?
Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless. 
Do you want to do something that rhymes with ‘Truck'?
I think my heart just lagged.
Do you believe in love at first text, or should I text you again?
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
I can't figure out if I should start this conversation with a compliment, a pick-up line, or a simple “hello”. You choose.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm tryna get in Japanties.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes? 
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
I guarantee you—I'm not flirting with you! I'm just being extra nice to someone who's extra attractive.
You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Hi, I have big feet.
I love you like the Imperial March loves Darth Vader.
Are you ok? Because heaven is a long fall from here…
My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must the be queen of hearts. 
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
What time does your watch say? Mine's stuck on five flirty.
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
I love you like a redneck loves his truck.
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty.
Till hunger clung them, or the dropping dead
I'm not into watching sunsets, but I'd love to see you go down.
I put the stud in bible study.
I love you like a grandma loves her grandchildren.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you vaporizing from a solid state? Because you are sublime.
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I love you like a nerd loves his dictionary.
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
And men forgot their passions in the dread
I want to stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
Could I touch your belly button…from the inside?
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
At the office copy machine Reproducing eh? Can I help?
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Be unique and different, say yes.
If I said you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
If kissing is spreading germs…. What do you think if we start the epidemic?
I'm a little drunk, a little horny, and all alone.
So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
What do you call a row of people lifting mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick-up line.
Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.
I can't believe I'm texting you while I'm peeing.
If you were a chicken you'd be impeccable. 
Their eyes as it grew lighter, and beheld
You're so cute you make me stutter. Wha-wha-what's your name?
If I were a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
And he was faithful to a corse, and kept
When I look at you I get butterflies in my stomach, my heart almost stops, and my palms feel sweaty, these are the signs of someone who is destined to go on a date with me.
You should come over and do some “we shouldn't be doing this" kind of thing with me.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
I'm not flirting. I'm just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
I love you like crap loves a sewer.
You're coming over tonight to watch Game of Thrones and make out.
Were do you hide your wings?
Was your father a welder? No, why? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
I love you like a smoker loves a cigarette.
My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. want to give it some mouth-to-mouth?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Did god take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You're A Blessing.
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
I'm willing to lower my standards if you're going on a date with me.
Did you know my lips are like Skittles and you're about to taste the rainbow?
Is your father Lil Caeser? Cause you look Hot ‘n Ready.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited.
Where thoughts serenely sweet express,
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
I love you like children love McDonalds.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
I'm a starving artist and I want to eat you.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, because I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don't let me die!
I love you like lice loves an elementary school.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness. 
Are you a Pumpkin Spice Latte? Because I'd love to slurp you up.
The moon, their mistress, had expir'd before;
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Can I follow you? My parents always told me to follow my dreams.
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Do you want to mess up the bed with me tonight?
The waves were dead; the tides were in their grave,
Do you have a name, or can I just call you ‘mine?'
Do you want to pet puppies together one day?
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
Fancy a fuck?
I didn't believed in heaven, until I saw you.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt – my eyes!
Morn came and went and came, and brought no day,
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
Hey, you want to do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
Can I follow you where you're going right now? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Famine had written Fiend. The world was void,
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
Let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle. 
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
I love you like a mouse loves cheese.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try walking by again?
I'll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
Blew for a little life, and made a flame
I have an owie on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and I realized... I don't have yours!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Even if there was no gravity on planet Earth, I would still fall for you.
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Talk dirty to me.
And then, there's another category of non-cute pickup lines. I call these…
Did you make me your horcrux? Because my heart stopped when I met you.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
With school, I just want an A. With you, I just want to F.
Can you give me your parents' phone numbers so I can text them and thank them for being able to raise such a wonderful human.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
want to fuck like bunnies?
You Say: Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
I just accidentally walked into pole because I was thoughtlessly staring and smiling at your text messages.
I love you like a punk loves his hair gel.
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
I'll bet you $10 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
Happy hour's over but it's still going strong at my place.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I love you like a fly loves crap.
If I can't buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Are you an orphanage? Cause I want to give you kids.
Which was a mockery; then they lifted up
In case you're wondering, I'm still single.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
Somebody better call God, because heaven's missing an angel!
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something…MY JAW!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
Didn't anyone tell you that you wanted to sleep with me?!?! I thought you knew…
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
Are those Guess jeans? ‘Cause guess who wants to get into 'em.
You're so gorgeous that you made me forget my good pickup line.
Of the volcanos, and their mountain-torch:
Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Let's go do the one thing you've always wanted to do.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock!
I love you like there are stars in the sky.
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Excuse me, is that semen in your hair?
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
I love you like phrases
I don't know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.
I wish I'd paid more attention to science in high school, because you and I've got chemistry and I want to know all about it.
I think I can die happy now, because I've just seen a piece of heaven. 
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate… Well, here I am!
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
You remind me of my dead ex-girlfriend.
Oh my God! I think I love you! Now lay down!
I love you like brangelina loves adopting kIds.
Do you like to dance? Well then, could you go dance so I can talk to your friend?
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Hi, my name is ______________. I eat pussy like a woman.
Sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between us.
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
My name is Skittles… want to taste my rainbow?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
To look once more into each other's face;
I love you like fish need water!
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Rayless, and pathless, and the icy earth
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be in a wrong place – the Miss Universe contest is over there.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I love you like a nerd loves his glasses.
When God made you, he was showing off.
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Does your ass
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
And nothing stirr'd within their silent depths;
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
Excuse me, but I'm new in town; can I have directions to your place?
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
If it was Halloween I'd dress up as your Prince/Princess Charming.
Try me once and if you don't like it, what have you wasted? What, six hours of your life? It'd be more if you want foreplay.
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
I'm like chocolate: I go straight to your ass!
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say I Love You. 
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
This cloud was made of angels like you and demigods like me.
I love you like batman loves his cave.
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
Wow, when God made you, he was seriously showing off.
I'm not a weatherman, but you can expect a few more inches tonight.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Excuse me, but I saw you from across the internet and wanted to see if your bytes are compatible with mine.
I love you like a possum loves trash.
I love you like there are grans of sand in every beach, of every planet, of every galaxy in the universe.
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to fuck you on the floor.
Free mammograms, get your free mammograms here, get 'em while they're hot!
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars and put them in your eyes.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
I may not be a window repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
I love you like I love beer.
I was feeling very off today, but then you turned me on.
I'll suck you so hard that you'll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I'm finished.
Most people like to watch the Superbowl because it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
Is that a candy cane in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?
Write the following on a napkin and give it to a cute girl: Smile if you want to have sex with me. Watch her smile!
I don't have a library card, but can I check you out anyway?
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I should call you Google, because you have everything I'm looking for.
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
If I'd follow you home, would you keep me?
I'm just like a pore strip. Hard to get off, but extremely satisfied once you do.
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
I love you like a letter loves an envelope.
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I'm picturing you holding up my balls.
Do you drink soda? Because you look so-da-licious.
I don't have a girlfriend, but I do know a woman who would be mad at me for saying that.
Are you a trampoline? Because I want to bounce on you.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
I'm no organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart. 
Do you have a map? Because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Hey good lookin', whatcha got cookin'? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina!
She/He says: Hold on
Your body is curvy, your face is beautiful and your attitude is fierce, I think we are a perfect match.
Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
You know what winks and then screws like a tiger? {Wink}
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
Can I take you to the Bone-yard?
If you and I were socks we'd sure make a great pair. 
You totally spiked my traffic.
I'm so lost. I was looking for your number.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
Hello, love, do you spit or swallow?
Hey, my name's Microsft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.
You so lovely, you make me want to go out and get a job
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Did glut himself again: a meal was bought
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U? 
I'm the doctor of love baby and you're over due for your meat injection!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
Can I flirt with you?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Are you cold? You should be; you've been naked in my mind all night.
Of famine fed upon all entrails men
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Have you ever played leap frog naked??
I love you like cheesecake, carrot cake and chocolate cake.
I tried to send you something flirty, but I couldn't fit in the text box.
If you don't reply in 3 seconds, you're mine.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you.
One of the things on my list is a umm….weird chick. And if I don't get one soon, they won't let me pledge…
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes.
I'm not photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
Want to practice speaking in tongues with me?
If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I'll give it right back.
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
Bible-Gateway happens to be my homepage.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
Want to see my Red Hat?
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
After all this time, I thought happiness started with an ‘H'. I just figured now that it actually starts with ‘U'.
Hi, I'm a necrophiliac, how good are you at playing dead?
I love you like women love diamonds.
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
Excuse me, have I fucked you yet?
I have some hard code I want to try your compiler on.
If I take off my clothes, will you fuck me?
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Are you a tamale? ‘Cause you're hot.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
Are you the sun? I'm about to get a sunburn looking at you.
As long as I have a face, you will always have a place to sit.
Of aid from them She was the Universe.
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
I'm hung like a tic tac. want to freshen your breath?
I must be a beaver because I'm dying for your wood.
Do you know CPR? Because you are taking my breath away!
Nice fucking weather. Want to?
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
If you told you that you have a nice body, would you hold it against me?
Please don't let this get to your head, but do you want some?
Hissing, but stingless they were slain for food.
I'm new in town…can you give me the direction to your apartment?
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You're so cute, I must be dreaming.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
Is there an airport nearby, or is that just my heart taking off?
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Ships sailorless lay rotting on the sea,
Once I have you I will not want to share you. I will want to keep you forever and put a shiny ring on that finger showcasing you to the world.
Hey, my seamen has the SPF of 30, care to rub some on your face?
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you turn me on!
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
It's always fun to flirt with you over text messages. However, it makes it hard for me to lean in and kiss you.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
You might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
My phone is in my hands, but I would rather be holding you.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Do you work at build-a-bear? Because I'd stuff you.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Do you want to see why my nickname is ‘tri-pod'?
Can you tell me what time you'll unzip your pants, please?
Are your parents retarded,  you sure are special.
Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fuck you, would you let me?
If you talk to me, I'll fuck you.
That's a nice shirt, can I take you out of it?
Did you invent the airplane? Because you sure seem Wright for me.
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
Every time you speak to me, you take my breath away; every time you touch me, my body tingles. I want to get to know you and cherish the chemistry we have forever.
My friend and I made a bet and I need to check if those are implants.
Do you like whales? Well I have a hump-back at my place.
My place…..Eight o'clock……bring a friend.
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you'd cause a melt down.
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
One night I looked up at the stars and thought, ‘Wow, how beautiful.' But now that I'm looking at you, nothing else can compare.
I just don't feel called to celibacy.
I know I'm not a grocery item but I can tell when you're checking me out.
I heard you are looking for a stud. I've got the STD, all I need is U.
You put the cheese in my macaroni.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I'd love to wake up next to you in the morning.
So what haven't you been told tonight?
I'm scared of gettinggg pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
If your left leg was Thanksgiving and your right leg Christmas, can I visit you between the holidays?
Hey baby. Why don't you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
How many times should I walk by you before you realize we're meant to be?
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Of cloudless climes and starry skies;
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Is it weird that I'm completely naked while texting you right now?
Is it hot in here or is this relationship suffocating me? I just can't take the bad sex anymore. I'll always remember last night, but I think we can forget about tomorrow. Roses are red, Violets are blue. Garbage is dumped, now so are you. Do you believe in love at first sight? How about misery after three years? I now pronounce you dumped and single. You may now kiss my ass. You're perfect in every way, just not for me. It's not you...it's your taste in music Hey baby, are you being followed? Because I've been seeing people behind your back. Maybe this is not the right time for us Really, our time together has just become more effort than you're worth. I wish I could say you were the most special person in the world, but you're not. You care too much about the KKK...Kim Kourtney & Khloe. Roses are red violets are blue sugar is sweet and so were you... but now the roses are wilted the violets are dead the sugar bowls empty and so is your head We're just at different points in our lives I just can't handle the distance....Sorry. Maybe we're not compatible You're not Mr. Right.... just Mr. Right Now. You just don't get me like you use to. I need space. I just can't live with the pathetic tickles that you call sexual thrusts' anymore. Sorry I stopped contacting you. I had to go back to rehab. I need to find myself and I just can't do that with you. I was asked to make a choice. If I had not been asked, I may have chosen differently. My dick is committed to you, but my heart is not. You deserve better and so do I. I think you feel more than I do and I don't want to hurt you We should be free to meet our special someone Sorry Stacy, but I think I'm in love with your mom I found a new running partner. Hey babe, you heard of the movie 'Other people' Yeah, why? I think we should see it I'm sorry but you don't smoke weed. I took a gamble and chose you, now I believe I made the wrong choice This isn't easy and neither are you...I'm breaking up with you. I still care about you, but I just don't find my heart jumping out of my chest when I see you anymore. I think you love me more than I love you. My cat doesn't like you. We are like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it. I need time to focus on my career. Look, our relationship is like doing push ups on your knees... It's just not working out We can still be friends.... If it's meant to be it's meant to be....but just to be clear it isn't. I need to learn to love myself before I can love you It's not because I don't like you, it's because I hate you I think our timing is off I'm looking for a long-term relationship and I just can't pursue that with you. The longer we are together, the less serious I am about you. I treated this relationship like my diet, one cheat day a week. Roses are red,violets are blue. We're breaking up beacause I never loved you. Maybe we should take a break.. There's something I've been wanting to say since the day we met.....goodbye Can we still share a netflix account? You should search for someone with the same principles and values. You just know me too well, and that freaks me out. I don't want to hold you back. We don't make each other happy, is that what you want to hear? Remember when I asked you out? Well, I was talking to the girl behind you Our relationship is like a fat guy, What? It's not working out. I'd rather masturbate than be with you. I feel like I'm changing, and though I do love you and I really like spending time with you, I'm not as in love' with you anymore.. I don't want the responsibility of someone else's happiness. Maybe we have too much in common. We are too much alike.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
I had your sister last year, she sucked. want to defend your family honor?
Everything would be better we stop with the texting and actually start seeing each other more often. Preferably naked.
Girl, your really good at this catch and release thing. Every time I catch my breath around you, you make me lose it again. 
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
I heard your ankles were having a party… want to invite your pants down?
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I'm around you
Do you like this shirt? Thanks, it's made out of boyfriend/girlfriend material. 
I know where they give out free drinks... it's a place called My House!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
I must be lost
Can you keep a secret? I'm trying to organize a prison break. I'm looking for, like, an accomplice. We have to first get out of this bar, then the hotel, then the city, and then the country. Are you in or you out?
Sorry I didn't get you a box of chocolates for valentines day but if you want something sweet and smooth I'm right here. Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. want to go on an ate and be my alentine? Don't worry I'll give you the VD later. Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff. all my base are belong to you, I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me? Once you get shot by cupid, the rest look just stupid! Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time? Your weiner is the only one for my buns this Valentine's Day
I can't believe how naughty your text messages are. Do you have any more surprises for me?
I've got a great big cock!
I never believed in love at first sight until I saw your profile picture.
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
Hey, you've got a lawyer's ass. Yip, it's firm.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
Although you seem content, you also seem quite alone over here. Can I interrupt your reverie?
And twin'd themselves among the multitude,
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
Excuse me...Hi, I'm writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
I love you like a hooker loves a street corner.
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
Want to play conductor? You be the engineer and I'll go choo-choo.
Do you have a quarter? I want to call my mom and thank her.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I'll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Did you hear that new Cardi B song? Want me to sing it to you?
Nice dress. Can I talk you out of it?
I never saw you coming and I'll never be the same.
Ever slept in a $5000 bed? Want to?
I'm not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I love you like every action I take.
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
I'm really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I didnt believe in predestination until tonight.
With blood, and each sate sullenly apart
Hi my name is _______, remember it, cause you'll be screaming it all night
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Do you know what part of the tongue registers the salty taste? Why don't you blow me and find out?
I'm feeling a little off today. Would you mind turning me on?
I'd like to take you to the movies, but they don't let you bring in your own snacks.
As she's leaving….Hey aren't you forgettinggg something? She: What? Me!
We're going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and fuck.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Hey, stranger. Stop being a stranger.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Kiss me and you will see how important I am.
I've got a big nose, big hands, and really big feet. That's right, I'm a clown.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Woman to Man: Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later.
Are you tired? Because you have been running through my mind all night.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
You're the type of girl I'd let sit on my face for a long period of time.
I don't know you, and you don't know me, but who's to say it's wrong if we sleep together?
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
Bond
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Do you believe in love at first sight—or should I walk by again?
I have 206 bones in my body. Want to give me another one?
Your homepage or mine?
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
Kissing is a language of love….so how about a conversation?
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
I love you like clients love winging.
You're like WiFi. You make me want to connect to you.
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
Your spirit shines brighter than a full moon; maybe one day I'll get the chance to show you my full moon.
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
Do you have a map? Because I just keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
If you want a carrot, its yours. If you want 24 carrots, keep on walking lady!
Excuse me. I seem to have misplaced my willy-warmer. Do you mind if I try you on for size?
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
I'd love to be the devil on your shoulder and the devil on your lips.
Nice hair, want to mess it up?
Were you arrested earlier? It has got to be illegal to look that good.
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
My mother always told me that nothing is impossible and to follow my dreams, so I have my eyes on you to be mine.
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
Do you want to save water and shower together?
I won't give you a pick-up line, if you let me buy you a drink.
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
I'm a Love Pirate, and I'm here for your booty! ARRRGGGHHH!!!
Somebody call the cops because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Can I borrow your lips?
We were both born without clothes.
I see that we both play soccer, it's a great sign when two people love the same sport and it's even better that we share the same stamina level for other rigorous physical activity.
Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.
I love you like the butterflies in the gardens, the rainbow over the blue sky, and the greeneries in the meadow.
Something's wrong with my eyes, because I can't take them off you.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
You are too beautiful to have a frown on your face. If you were my girl I would always keep you laughing so a permanent smile resides on your face.
I love you like zombies love brains.
If I was a stoplight, I would turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a little longer.
Are you an electrician? Because you're definitely lighting up my day/night!
Trust me, I'm not drunk; I'm just intoxicated by you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Dose it matter where here is if I'm there?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. want to buy some drinks with their money?
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Oh gosh gal your eyes look like falling stars. 
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is good bye.
I do not think much. I do not think often. But when I do think, I think of you.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Wanna go light my menorah?
We don't really have anything to talk about, but I still want to talk to you. So...”Hi!”
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
Are you tired? Cause you've been running through my mind all day.
I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
I love you like a movie geek loves his/hers popcorn
Life without you is like a broken pencil…pointless.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
I love you like the Cookie Monster loves cookies.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I've got a large bone for you to examine.
What's new in the wonderful world of you?
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Darn girl you even look good with the lights on!
Much like Santa, I also have a gift for you in my sleigh.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I've got a condom with your name on it.
Hey, do you exercise? Can I be your thighmaster?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
I love you like the Lemon Meringue Pie which my mother bakes, that reminds me of the sweet memory of my childhood.
You've got a lovely pair of W-2's. Please, baby, let me withhold you. Technically, having sex with me is a charitable gift. Does the IRS work for 24hrs? I don't think so. Well that's too bad, because I could tax that ass all night! In my office, 'I.R.S.' stands for 'I'm really sexy.' If I help you screw Uncle Sam, can I be next? You're entitled to a $5,000 tax break on your municipal bond income...now let's do it. Let's fill out a 1040 -- you're a 10, and I'm 40. You're the kind of girl I could take home to mother -- which is good, since I still live with her. Lady, you make my pants file for an extension. Nice assets.
Can I impregnate you with my Demon spawn?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. 
Even of their mutual hideousness they died,
I love you like a flower loves the rain.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
I went on a beach mission but all I ended up doing was mission you.
Are you a drummer? Because you seem to know the beat of my heart.
Are you a beaver? Because dam!
And War, which for a moment was no more,
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
Let's make like a fabric softener and ‘Snuggle
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I wish I was your derivative so I can lie tangent to your curve.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Congratulations! You've been voted Most Beautiful Girl In This Room and the grand prize is a night with me!
I can sense that you're a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
I'm hard. You wet?
Are you an exam? Because I have been studying you like crazy.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
I'm the kind of man who deserves to have women I don't deserve.
I've got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
You raise my dopamine levels.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
I want to floss with your pubic hair.
What time do you get off? Can I watch?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
The sparkle in your eyes is so bright, the sun must be jealous.
I'm not drunk, baby…I'm just intoxicated by you.
So long as we're in the theatre….why don't we get some play?
Lets commit the perfect crime, I'll steal your heart and you'll steal mine. 
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
I'd say, ‘God bless you,' but it looks like he already did.
Everything about you is perfect except one thing, you aren't married to me. 
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
There's a easter parade in my pants...want to go? Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass? I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised! You're not Jewish, are you? I contributed some fur to Letterman's hairpiece Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour? I'm being managed by Don King again I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips Ever get it on with a rodent? My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky I'm in the mood to multiply
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
So, what are the chances of my balls slappin' your ass tonight?
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
hey sugar tits
I love you like a junkie loves weed.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Hello, can I offer you eight inches of strength and sensitivity?
Aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Wasn't I supposed to eat you somewhere?
You're so cute it's distracting!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
What's a smart, attractive, young man like myself doing without your number?
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Lur'd their lank jaws; himself sought out no food,
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Hey, you know Dr. Phil says I am afraid of commitment….Do you want to prove him wrong?
I love you like an emo kid loves girl pants.
You know, they say that love is when you don't want to sleep because reality is better than your dreams. And after seeing you, I don't think I ever want to sleep again.
I love you like Freud loves his mother.
Person #1: hey, you want to do a 68? Person #2: What? Person #1: You go down, and I'll owe you one.
I'd like to screw your brains out, but it appears that someone beat me to
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
I love you like a dentist loves crooked teeth.
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
When I look into your eyes I get lost in your soul. Every person is meant to have a soul mate, and I think you may be mine.
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
Somebody better calls God because he's missing an angel. So what time do you have to be back in heaven?
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Are those fuck me eyes, or fuck you eyes?
I hope your day is as nice as my butt.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall is in love with me.
We could be the reason Santa has a naughty list this year.
I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot.
I love you like a child loves a teddy bear.
I love you like a crack head loves crack.
I'm making the first move by texting you. I hope you make the next move by kissing me.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel? 
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd have one dollar. Because you never leave my mind.
Sex is a killer … want to die happy?.
I'm calling the cops! I'm pretty sure it's illegal to look as good as you.
Are you my homework? Cause I'm not doing you but I definitely should be.
They slept on the abyss without a surge
Find a girl at the bar, walk over to her, and say you put the ‘hot ass' in my shot glass.
If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Because I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Are you religious? Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
I have a big problem. I can't stop thinking about you.
I love you like an angel loves the heavens.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
I'm a burglar and I'm gonna smash your backdoor in.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
I love you like a skinny person loves salad.
Are You Blood,Cause My Heart Cant Survive Without You. 
Good night beautiful/handsome. Sleep well.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Do you come here often?
I love you like trees love water.
Kiss me if I'm wrong but, dinosaurs still exist, right?
But tell of days in goodness spent,
Let's have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
I have Netflix on, but no one to snuggle with. Do you think you can help me out?
Mind if I ask what the state of heaven was when you left it?
First, I was playing hard to get. Now, you're playing hard to forget.
Why don't you come up sometime and see me?
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Hey baby, want to play lion? You go kneel down right there and I'll throw you my meat.
This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen; until I met you.. 
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
I love you like an incontinent person loves a toilet.
I'd rip out both my eyes just so you have more holes to screw me in
What do I have to do to be your booty call?
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
I love you like a midget loves his platform shoes.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
I bet you smiled when you saw my name pop up on your phone just now.
Answer this quick! What are the three that I can text you to make you mine?
You float my ark.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
I love you like any person loves sleeping
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
Hi, I'm new to this country and you are the prettiest sight I've see so far.
I love you like a surfer loves his board.
Guess what. I'm your Secret Santa. What would you like for Christmas this year?
I love you like a child loves candy.I love you like a tornado loves a mobile home park.
I love you like the distance between us.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and me together.
He: Well then, would you sleep with me for 20 cents? She: No, what kind of woman do you think I am? He: We've established what kind of woman that you are, we're just haggling over the price.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
I'm waiting for you at home.
Ugh! Today, I have to go to some bring event. Will you come with me to make it fun?
I love you like a woman loves fixing up a bachelor with one of her single friends.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
You've got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
I love you like a little girl dreams of love.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Let's go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
You are astoundingly gorgeous, but I can tell that's the least interesting thing about you. I'd love to know more.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there's a political uprising in my pants
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. 
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
How much longer until I get to the part where you give me your number?
I'm pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
I have an oral fixation with giving oral gratification. If you are willing to receive I am more than willing to give.
The brows of men by the despairing light
I think there's something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off of you.
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl's destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
want to go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
That outfit would look great…in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Take a guess. Which emoji did I place next to your name in my phone?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Your body is made up of 70% water… and I'm thirsty.
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
Could you stop being attractive? You're driving me crazy!
You want to know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
I love you like an emo loves black.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Are you Dracula? You looked a little thirsty when you were looking at me.
Is your name swiffer? ‘Cause you just swept me off my feet.
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
Charzards are red Squitals are blue if u were a Pokemon I would choose you!
What are the chances I see you naked tonight?
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
Okay, let's skip the small talk and go straight to flirting.
Where have you been all my life?
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
I love you like Peter Pan loves Neverland.
I hope you don't mind that I'm texting you while naked. Or that I'm imagining you naked.
If you were a triangle, you'd be a acute one. 
I'm no Joseph... perhaps you can help me interpreting the dreams I've been having about you?
This might seem corny but you're making me horny.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
Life is short. Let's f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Baby… want to come for a ride?
I think I'm in heaven because you look like an angel. Can you take off your shirt so that I can check for wings?
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
If happiness starts with “H,” why does mine start with “U”?
I've lost my number, can I have yours? 
I know why Solomon had 600 wives because he never found you.
I was going to say something really sweet about you, but when I saw you, I became speechless.
I just finished a book I know you would love. You should come over to pick it up.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
I could've called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you're a slut instead.
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Do you have a can opener? My dick is about to pop.
With mad disquietude on the dull sky,
For an unholy usage; they rak'd up,
The only thing I want between our relationship is latex.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
You say, So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship? The reply, No. You respond, Well then, let's go to my place and I'll tell you all about it.
So did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Oh, you have something on your face. Wait, it's just the most beautiful smile I have ever seen.
Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Do you have any room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
You're so hot, you'd make Antarctica melt.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable. Please, take them off!
I love you like a sea of flowers. than a garden of of smiles and a world of hugs.
Were chill'd into a selfish prayer for light:
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder, So I think we should screw.
Roses are black, violets are red, what is it going to take, to get you into bed?
Are you a haunted house? I'm going to scream when I'm in you.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Do you have a Bandaid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
In my opinion, there are three kinds of beautiful: Cute, pretty, and sexy. Somehow, you manage to be all three.
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Where had been heap'd a mass of holy things
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
Hi, my name is Trouble, and I'm looking for my soul mate. Mind if I ask if you have room for a little trouble in your life?
Have you ever played Spank the brunette? Want to try?
I love you like a pervert loves porn.
You're always in my 3A.M. thoughts.
Greetings and salivations.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Is your name Gillette? Because you're the best a man can get
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘What's your sign?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Every moment I spend with you is like being in paradise.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Hey, are you hiring? I really need a blowjob.
Hey, you! Get out of my head! And fall to my arms instead.
I think you're absolutely gorgeous. 
I love you like a watch loves to tick.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Excuse me, I'm a little short on cash, would you mind if we shared a cab home together?
Mines bigger than his want proof?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
You Say: I'm jealous of your dress. She says Why? You say: Because it's touching your body, and I'm not.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
The meagre by the meagre were devour'd,
You make me want to be a better Christian.
I love you like the sun, the ocean and the mountains.
If I can't be with you in reality, then at least let me be with you in your dreams.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Are you lost? Heaven is a long way from here.
want to play kite? I lay down, you blow and we'll see how high you can make me.
It's not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
If you could read my thoughts, you would marry me tomorrow.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
And flap their useless wings; the wildest brutes
Did your father have sex with a carrot? Cause you've got nice eyes.
Hey baby! You know you're just like the sun, your beauty is blinding! 
If I was the judge, I'd sentence you to my bed.
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I'm totally checking you out. 
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet...and so are you.
You dropped something. My jaw!
But with a piteous and perpetual moan,
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
And they were enemies: they met beside
I may not be a genie but I can make your dreams come true.
If nothing lasts forever, then would you be my nothing?
Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over. Hi, my friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. 
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
I've got the ship and you have the harbor. Why don't we tie up for the night?
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
How pure, how dear their dwelling-place.
I'd better get a library card, because I'm checking you out.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. 
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you're cinderHella fine!
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
I've been watching you dance from across the room, my body has been urging me to bump into you, hopefully your body and my body can bump and grind all night long.
Excuse me, do you believe in one night stands?
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny; it keeps going and going.
Oh, there you are! I've been looking for you for years!
You know what's beautiful? Read the first word.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,
The palaces of crowned kings the huts,
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
I had sex with someone last night. Was that you?
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
I love you like fish loves water.
Mark Driscoll takes up 35% of my ipod memory.
Does your name start with “C” because I can C us getting down.
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
Not many people can take my breath away, but you don't even have to try.
I'm with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
Are you free for the rest of your life?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Do you know what would look great on you? My arms!
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Swung blind and blackening in the moonless air;
How was Heaven when you left it? 
Does your name start with “C” because I can C us together.
I'll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
I hope your day is as radiant as your smile.
Are you Jewish? Cause you israeli hot! You had me at Shalom. My nose isn't the only thing that's big..... Yo gurl don't Jewish that you were mine Once you go Jew, no Christian will do. If I raise my staff will it only part the sea? Can I put out your burning bush? I want to light your menorah. My people invented circumcision....Your Welcome God just told me there was going to be a flood and I've decided to save you. I like my women like I like my dreidels.....bottom heavy I don't care what the Torah says, I'm not leaving any of your four corners unplowed. Are you the milk or the honey I was promised? Baby I'd nail you harder then we nailed Jesus to that cross. I'll be Moses, you can play with my staff, and I'll scream Let my people go! Want to go fiddle on a roof? Do you want something to atone for on yom kippur? Can I kiss your Mezuzah? I would love to wonder in your wilderness for 40 years. I may not be Elisha but will you open the door anyway. Do you want to spin my dreidel? You bring the apples i'll bring the honey Have I seen you on j-date? Lets do it like adam and eve, behind some bushes. Even though it's breaking a commandment, I'm worshipping you right now. You must be Egyptian because I'm a slave for you. Instead of the torah, can I study your body 3 times a day? Are those matza balls in your pants or are you just happy to see me? Can I come into your massada? That yarmulke would look great on my bedroom floor! I'll take you to the promised land. You know how it is with Jewish culture, everything begins at sundown! Which commandment do you want to break? Don't worry I won't passover you. Got any Jewish in you? . . . Want some? Baby lets run away together, just Jew and Me. All I want for Channukah, is you. How bout I play moses and u play with my staff. I know I'm one of the chosen people but I just want to be chosen by you, baby Are you bar mitzvahed, because I need a woman? Can I dip my maror in your charoset. Unlike the torah, I'm gonna put my hands all over you. Just like the Ner Tamid, my love for you burns eternal.
Let's face it. I'm hot, you're hot and we both know you got a crush on me.
Do I know you? ‘Cause you look a lot like my next lover.
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Let's just fuck.
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I love you like when I get a seat on the crowded train so that I can play game on my smartphone with both hands.
My name's Pogo, d'ya want to jump on my stick?
Do you have a map? Because I just keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Do you need prayer? because I am certainly willing to lay hands on you.
You wanna know what the best thing in my life is? It's the first word of the previous sentence.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Nice beach balls, can I play?
I love you like any word can say.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
You glide. It's a very attactive quality. Most girls, they merely plod along. You, on the other hand, you glide…
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future. 
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? ‘Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Hi, my name's ______________. You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!
I love you like a badge loves a policeman.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us.
Was your Dad a baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns.
I'm afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fineapple.
I am participating in the Sexual Olympics multiple orgasm relay race my partner just died of exhaustion. Would you like to help me out?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
And the clouds perish'd; Darkness had no need
I love you like French Fries.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
I would fuck you so hard, you'd learn from it.
I love you like a fat girl loves hohos.
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
I'm a proverbs 32 kind of guy and you're a proverbs 31 kinda woman...
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's in your bra?
Girl you so fine I wish I could plant you and grow a whole feild of y'all!
Just so you know, I'm not flirting with you. I'm just being extra nice to you who is extra attractive.
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Was your dad a king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, a sentencewithoutspaces.
When I look at you, I can't even remember my own phone number. What is yours?
Me. You. Song of Songs: the remix.
your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen up?
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away.
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I've got one that I'm just dying to put in your drawers.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Hi. I'm horny.
Are you my Appendix? Because there's a funny feeling in my stomach telling me I should take you out.
One shade the more, one ray the less,
Hey cutie, want to go halves on a baby?
If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago.
If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty.
Don't sweat the petty things… pet the sweaty things!
You know, it's dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section… Because you could melt all this stuff.
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Put down that cupake... you're sweet enough already.
I'll nickname you bannana because I find you a-peeling.
I love you like Cinderella loved Prince Charming.
You may be a muggle, but that body is magical.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and me together.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I love you like guys love football.
You owe me a drink, you're so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
Are you sure you're not an alien because you've just abducted my heart!
I don't think I want babies, but I wouldn't mind refining my baby-making technique with you.
I can't tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'because you look sweet and delicious.
I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
Want to come over to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I want to give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Are you a time traveler? Because I absolutely see you in my future.
And, terrified, did flutter on the ground,
I like your style. I like your class. But most of all, I like your arse.
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you a Pokemon?? because i'd sure like to pikachu!!
You know, I believe that honesty is the best policy, so to be perfectly honest, you're the sexiest man I've ever seen.
When I read philippians 4:8, I think about you.
I'm down here Hey baby, want to find out why my friends call me tripod? Just because I've got bells on my shoes doesn't mean I'm a sissy I was once a lawn ornament for John Bon Jovi I can get you off the naughty list I have certain needs that can't be satisfied by working on toys I'm a magical being. Take off your bra. No, no. I don't bake cookies. You're thinking of those dorks over at Keebler I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man You'd look great in a Raggedy Ann wig I can eat my weight in cocktail wieners
I wish I was your handbag, so that I'll always be by your side.
Do you have any raisins? Well, then how about a date?
I might need a pair of sunglasses because your smile is too dazzling for me.
Guy: I bet you're a C-cup. Girl: How'd you know that? Guy: My testicles are the same size.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's out of business.
I love you like a shoe loves a sock.
Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, Fuck it.
I love your smile, but I love it more whenever I'm the reason behind it.
I'm currently watching a sexy video of girl/guy who looks just like you.
You know, I had a pickup line ready to go, but you're so hot it just left my mind.
You must have the power to change gravity because you knocked me off my feet.
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I love you like an old man loves his hairy ears.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
I love you like the British love their tea.
If I'm vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Lets skip all the bull-shit lose our inhibitions and DO what we really came here to do.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
I love you like the Godiva chocolate, my favourite.
If you were steak, you'd be well done.
Do you like raisins? How about a date?
Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
When I saw your face my heart skipped a beat, when you spoke to me my knees got weak, and when I ask you to go out with me, you will say yes!
I'm not Asian but I'll still eat your cat.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
I'm wondering how long it's going to be before you realize that I like you, and admit that you like me back.
You're not a vegan, are you? Because I'd love to meat you.
Now that we're officially texting one another, I've become obsessed with checking my phone. That said, don't keep me waiting.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart…
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you
I love you more than image
Baby, somebody better calls God, because he's missing an angel!
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
I love you like apple pie, lemon meringue pie and chocolate mud pie.
I'm surprised the restaurant/bar/etc. hasn't asked you to leave yet. You're so beautiful you're making all the other girls look bad.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again? 
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
Their funeral piles with fuel, and look'd up
Do you mind if I hang out here until it's safe back where I farted?
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm loving it!
I love you like a woman loves chocolate.
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
It's not the size of the boat. It's the motion of the ocean.
So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
You see my friend over there? S/he wants to know if you think I'm cute.
The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the stars
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more
Is that a dreidel in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
You've been running through my mind all day.
Where do you hide your wings?
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Hey baby… you got any diseases? Want some?
I know where there is a good party, they've got liquor in the front and poker in the rear.
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at an angel!
When you go to sleep at night, do you dream of new ways to make me like you?
Did you just sit in a water puddle, or are you just happy to see me?
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you're a real jem.
was your mother a beaver, because damn.
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say I love you with my last breath!
Honey, your dad doesn't have a penis. He's got a paintbrush!
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
You must be a good theif because you've stole my heart
Harry Potter may be the Boy Who Lived, but you're my Chosen One.
I love you like Romeo loves Juliet.
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
There are 265 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
There are many fish in the sea but you're the only one that's caught my eye. 
I love you like Obama loves blaming republicans.
I'm Superman and you're my Kryptonite.
You know, I'm actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?
I love you like schoolgirls love gossip.
Did you know that the word ‘motel' spelled backwards means ‘letom'?
I love you like the sun loves redheads.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, because every time I see you, you turn me on!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
I love you like a bee loves honey.
The most common pickup line used in a gay bar: May I push in your stool?
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together. The word of the day is legs. Let's say we head back to your place and spread the word. Girl, you gotta be tired because you been runnin through my mind all day.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Hey, are those jeans? because they're blue!!
Excuse me, but does my tongue taste funny to you?
I want to write a poem on your body with my lips
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Are you a professional boxer? Because you're a knockout.
Do you have any plans for the night? Because I don't.
I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
Excuse me, do you have the time? I just want to remember the exact minute I got a crush on you.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
Hey I see your wearing clothes, I'm wearing clothes, you know we have something in common we should get together and do something sometime.
Can I tie your shoes? Cause I don't want you to fall for someone else.
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Your eyes are as blue as the sea I dumped my ex's body in.﻿
Their chins upon their clenched hands, and smil'd;
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
I think I've seen you somewhere before. Oh, weren't we happily married in our previous lives?
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
If you were a soccer play, you'd be a keeper.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
I may not be the best looking guy here, but Im the only one talking to you.
Hey, do you happen to have a Bandaid? I scraped my knee up pretty bad when I fell for you.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Do you want to come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
And gnash'd their teeth and howl'd: the wild birds shriek'd
Can I be your next mistake?
If you were a car, I'd wax you and ride you all over town.
Hi, sorry I don't have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line. . .
Nice Set of Floppies!
Hey, I think you have something in your eye. Never mind, that's just your sparkle.
Let's play Titanic. You'll be the iceberg and I'll go down.
You really shouldn't wear makeup. You're messing with perfection!
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
Do you have a landline? I want to lock this down old school.
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you're da balm!
Didn't I do your sister?
Do you think a relationship between you and I would be all sex, or do you think that there would be some depth to it
Look, you're nearly 22. Most christians are 3 years into marriage by now... just settle for me.
Look out in the night sky. You see that bright light to the right of that red one? That is a comet that is streaking toward here at 34546 miles per hour. At that rate, it will be here in about an hour. So, want to fuck?
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
We're not socks, but I think we'd make a great pair.
HERE'S 10p GO AND PHONE YER MAM AND TELL HER YOU WOAN'T BECOMING HOME TONITE!
Do I have to sign for your package?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
The dying embers of an altar-place
Which answer'd not with a caress he died.
If I was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Is your name Daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Here's my number... Call me if you need prayer.
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
And on that cheek, and over that brow,
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Like an unsharpened pencil, life without you is pointless!
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Kiss me and you will see the stars. Love me and I will give them to you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
And a quick desolate cry, licking the hand
Want to make a porno? We don't have to tape it.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Is this the transfiguration? Because you are glowing.
Want to save water by showering together?
The doctor said I'm sick because I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
You must be a Snitch, because I've been Seeking you my whole life.
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
I'm on fire. Can I run through your sprinkler?
Sit on my face and I'll eat my way to your heart.
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
You're so beautiful that I actually forgot that I was supposed to send you a pick-up line.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world? 
You have seduced my eyes by your beauty, you have lifted my spirit with your personality, and I am ready to make you mine forever.
I may not be a photographer, but I can picture both you and me together.
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I had a dream about you last night. I'd tell you all about it, but it was too inappropriate.
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you're russian my heart rate!
I wish you were a Pony Carousel outside Wal-Mart, so I could ride you all day long for a quarter.
My dog wants you to know that he/she misses you. Come over.
Hey baby, do you believe in love at the first sight, or should I walk by again.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Just so you know, we're going on a date tonight.
Every minute I spend with you is like being in heaven and looking in an angel's eyes.
I may run out of text messages for you. I may run out of jokes. I may also run out of battery. But, my heart won't ever run out of space for you.
Even if you had 0 followers, I'd follow you anywhere.
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
I love you like I love penguins, my favourite animal since the third grade.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Hey. Do you have that Hawiian Disease? What? Comeoniwant tolayya.
I was told I have a Vitamin D deficiency. Could you help me?
Girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy!
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Was that an earthquake, or did you just rock my world?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
You breathe oxygen, too? We have so much in common.
want to play Army? I lay down and you blow the hell outta me.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
I'm not a dentist, but I bet I could give you a filling.
Forests were set on fire but hour by hour
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
A fearful hope was all the world contain'd;
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn't equal my love for you.
Somebody call the cops, because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I'm feeling a connection!
Your daddy must be a drug dealer because you're dope. 
I love you like my dog, and that should have said enough.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?
If you were a song, you'd be the best track on the album.
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
Will you be my princess/prince?
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
All this time, I thought I was invincible. But then, you came and beat me with your smile.
If I was hungry for crabs would you spread your legs for me?
I seem to have lost my number—can I have yours?
The flashes fell upon them; some lay down
God has made you beautiful, smart, and understanding, all I can hope for is that you understand how much I adore you and want to share my life experiences with you.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
I love you like Mickey loves Minnie.
Is your name Faith? Cause you're the substance of things I've hoped for.
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 fake, 1 real and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
want to tickle my Oscar Meyer Wiener?
are those space pants? because your ass is outta control.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
Did you take your Vitamin D today? Want to?
Are you a farmer? No, ‘because you sure know how to raise a cock.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
My ex-girlfriend used to call me Goldfinger.
Is your personality as angelic as your hair?
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Your eyes sparkle from across the room and your smile is hypnotic. I need to know you better because my heart knows what it wants and it wants you.
It's a new world order. Have your way with me.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll return it.
My lips on your lips would be magical.
I was just curious? Are you as good as all the guys say you are?
I'm an adventurer and I want to explore you.
Not many people can take my breath away. But you don't even have to exert some effort.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Can you be the Harley Quinn to my Joker, cause I like em' crazy!
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
That's a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
You know how I feel about you – it's like you're a fossil sample and I'm an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
